Add documentation for VERSION setting (#159)
snok/django-auth-adfs: docs/settings_ref.rst

.. NOTE::
   You can find the short name for the claims you configure in the ADFS management console underneath
   **ADFS** ➜ **Service** ➜ **Claim Descriptions**
   
   
.. _version_setting:

VERSION
--------------
* **Default**: ``v1.0`` 
* **Type**: ``string``

> Version of openid configurations API. By default it is set to 'v1.0'. Developers who wants to use new version can set in their main settings.py file. 

Reviewer: To my knowledge this isn't OpenID versions. It's a pure Azure thing, so I don't think we should refer to `OpenID` here.

```suggestion
Version of the Azure Active Directory endpoint version. By default it is set to ``v1.0``. At the time of writing this documentation, it can also be set to ``v2.0``. For new projects, ``v2.0`` is recommended. ``v1.0`` is kept as a default for backwards compatibility.
```
